HALEY, HURRY UP!
YOU DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME, AND I
MADE CHOCOLATE CHIP PANCAKES.
MOM, I'M NOT 12.
DIBS ON HERS.
HONEY, YOU EXCITED
ABOUT YOUR FIRST DAY?
YOU KNOW WHAT? I REALLY AM.
THERE'S SOMETHING
ABOUT GOING TO WORK
THAT MAKES YOU FEEL
LIKE YOU'RE...
I DON'T KNOW, WORTH SOMETHING.
NO OFFENSE, MOM.
LISTEN... (clears throat)
I WANNA GIVE YOU SOME ADVICE.
DO IT FAST.
SHE'S GONNA BE LATE.
WORK HARD.
UH-HUH.
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE BALL.
(cell phone alert chimes)
STAY FOCUSED.
NEVER...
(laughs) CHECK IT OUT!
CAM IN OVERALLS!
(Claire) OHH!
(gasps) MITCHELL SENT ME
THE SAME TEXT!
WHY "LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE"?
OH, BECAUSE CAM IS HELPING ME
OUT WITH THAT BASEBALL FIELD,
AND MITCHELL HATES IT
WHEN HE GETS ALL FARMED UP.
HIS TURN-OFFS ARE
FARM, FIZBO,
AND, WORST OF ALL, FARMBO.
HEY!
HOWDY, LIFE PARDNER!
(guffaws)
WELL, I GOTTA GO. DON'T WANNA
BE LATE FOR MY FIRST--
OH, MY GOD! WHY DIDN'T YOU GUYS
TELL ME THE TIME?!
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK? CAN WE
TURN THIS INTO A BASEBALL FIELD?
OH, YEAH. NO PROBLEM.
YOU KNOW, BACK ON THE FARM,
I ONCE TURNED AN ACRE OF CORN
INTO A SNOWFLAKE-SHAPED MAZE.
IT'D STILL BE THERE IF
OUR NEIGHBOR BILLY BOB SHEINBERG
HADN'T SEEN IT
FROM HIS CROP DUSTER
AND SAID IT LOOKED
LIKE A SWASTIKA.
HMM.
(sighs) SO HOW GOOD'S
LUKE'S TEAM ANYWAY?
WELL, YOU MAY HAVE SEEN THEM
ON YouTube
UNDER "BOY STUCK
IN BATTING HELMET"
OR "PITCHER BEANS SELF."
UGH. (sighs)
BUT A FEW OF THEM WENT THROUGH
PUBERTY EARLY THIS YEAR, SO...
THEY SAY IT'S BECAUSE
OF HORMONES IN OUR MILK.
BUT WHATEVER IT IS,
THEY REALLY JACKED UP.
LUKE AND MANNY'S TEAM TIED FOR
THE FINAL SPOT IN THE PLAYOFFS,
BUT SINCE NOBODY
WAS EXPECTING IT,
ALL THE FIELDS WERE BOOKED.
THE OTHER TEAM WANTED
TO SETTLE WITH A COIN FLIP.
WE SAID "ROCK PAPER SCISSORS."
THAT'S WHEN TALKS BROKE DOWN.
SO WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN
YOU CAN'T FIND A FIELD?
YOU BUILD ONE.
AND WE GOT THE LAST LAUGH,
'CAUSE GUESS WHAT I FOUND THERE?
ROCKS, PAPER, AND SCISSORS.
I SEE HOME PLATE UP HERE.
MM-HMM.
I SEE PITCHER'S MOUND
IN HERE,
AND I SEE LITTLE BOYS' DREAMS
COMING TRUE EVERYWHERE.
I FOUND A DEAD SNAKE!
IT'S PERFECT.
NOT DEAD! NOT DEAD!
I'M GONNA BE
MOTHER OF THE YEAR.
♪
AND THIS IS OUR DINING ROOM,
WHERE WE EAT.
AND THIS IS OUR KITCHEN,
WHERE WE ALSO EAT.
WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO? IT LOOKS
LIKE YOU LOST YOUR TOUR.
OR YOUR MIND.
THE BABY.
SHORTY'S GIRLFRIEND DARLENE
SEND IT TO ME.
SHE SAID
IT'S FOR PRENATAL BONDING.
I LOVE IT.
WE TOOK A TOUR OF THE HOUSE.
WE TOOK A LOOK
AT ALL MY SHOES.
COME ON, JAY.
SAY SOMETHING TO THE BABY.
DARLENE'S AN IDIOT.
OH, YEAH, BEAUTIFUL.
YOUR FIRST WORDS TO OUR BABY--
"DARLENE IS AN IDIOT."
THIS IS STUPID.
THE BABY'S ONLY 2 INCHES AWAY.
HE DOESN'T NEED SPEAKERS
BLASTING AT HIM.
LIKE IN RESTAURANTS NOWADAYS
WHERE YOU CAN'T EVEN
HEAR YOURSELF THINK.
AH, YOU'RE GONNA DO WHATEVER
YOU WANT. WHY DO I BOTHER?
GET USED TO THAT. SOMETIMES
YOU JUST GOTTA LET HIM GO.
THEN HE EATS SOME SHERBET
AND FALLS ASLEEP.
MM-HMM.
OKAY, I'LL CHALK THE FIELD
WITH THIS BAD BOY.
AND WHILE YOU'RE DOING THAT,
I WILL GET THE BASES.
WE MAKE SUCH A GOOD TEAM.
WHY DOES YOUR FRIEND HAVE
A CHALKER?
OH, HE USED IT TO PROPOSE
TO A SKYWRITER.
OH, MA'AM? MA'AM, DO YOU NEED
HELP WITH THAT?
OH, YES. PLEASE.
IS THIS YOUR HOUSE?
I'M MOVING IN WITH MY SON.
OH.
HE'S RICH.
MM.
PHONE-BY-THE-TOILET RICH.
OHH.
ALL RIGHT, SO HAVE YOU LIVED
HERE A LONG TIME?
I MOVED HERE IN '62
TO BE AN ACTRESS.
MM-HMM.
(chuckles)
I HAD ONE LINE
IN A "ROCKFORD FILES."
"HE WENT OUT THE BACK."
OH!
WHO WENT OUT THE BACK?
(laughs)
THAT WAS YOU. OKAY.
(all laugh)
WELL, YOU'RE ALL SET HERE.
YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED
IN THE PLACE, ARE YOU?
OH, NO, THANK YOU.
YES--YES, WE ARE.
YES. YES, WE ARE.
YES? OKAY.
COME ON.
OKAY.
YOU GOTTA
KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN.
IT'S NOT NATURAL WHEN A BALL
IS HURTLING AT YOUR FACE.
WILL YOU CHOKE UP A LITTLE?
PROBABLY WHEN THEY PLAY
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM.
NO, MOVE YOUR HANDS
UP THE BAT.
"WHEN THEY PLAY
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM."
I HAD A PERFECT RECORD--
22 GAMES, AND I HADN'T PLAYED
A SINGLE INNING.
THEN THE McCOY TWINS'
GRANDMA DIES,
AND SUDDENLY I'M STARTING
AT RIGHT FIELD.
WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?
IS IT THE SAME AS STAGE RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT, READY?
NICE AND EASY.
I HAVEN'T EVEN
THROWN IT YET.
THEN IT'S YOUR FAULT.
I'M DOING MY PART.
FORGET IT. WE NEED TO DO
SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
LET'S CHANGE YOUR STANCE.
TRY LEANING IN.
FURTHER.
NOW CLOSE YOUR EYES.
(smack)
OW!
AH! PERFECT! YOU THINK YOU CAN
DO THAT EVERY TIME?
WHAT, GET HIT ON PURPOSE?
IF YOU WANNA GET ON BASE
AND BE A HERO.
SOME MEN
ARE BORN INTO GREATNESS.
OTHERS HAVE IT CHUCKED
AT THEIR FACE.
(smack)
OW!
YES!
OKAY, MRS. BROOKS,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH
VERY SOON.
SAY IT ONE MORE TIME.
HE WENT OUT THE BACK.
(Phil laughs)
OH, LOVE IT! LOVE IT!
BRAVA! BRAVA! (laughs)
(Claire) BYE-BYE!
(lowered voice)
WHAT DO YOU THINK, PHIL?
(lowered voice) WELL, I HAVE
TO ADMIT, IT'S A STEAL.
(high-pitched voice)
YES! YES! I TOLD YOU!
AND YOU SAID GIL THORPE MAKES
A KILLING FLIPPING HOUSES.
YEAH, HE BRAGS ABOUT IT
ALL THE TIME.
MM-HMM.
EVERY TIME HE MAKES A SALE,
HE CALLS HIMSELF "FLIPPER"
AND WALKS AROUND MAKING
THIS DOLPHIN SOUND. LIKE...
(imitates dolphin chirps)
HOW DOES HE DO IT?
I HATE HIM SO MUCH.
OKAY, LOOK, IF THE FOUR OF US
GO IN ON THIS TOGETHER,
WE CAN MINIMIZE THE RISK.
OR IF NONE OF US DO IT,
WE CAN ELIMINATE
THE RISK ALTOGETHER
BECAUSE NONE OF YOU KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT FLIPPING HOUSES.
OKAY, WELL, WE ALREADY
HAVE IT FIGURED OUT.
I'M GONNA BE THE DESIGNER...
BECAUSE I KNOW ABOUT
COLORS AND SHAPES.
YEAH, SO DOES LILY.
I'M GONNA BE THE CONTRACTOR.
AND I'M GONNA BE THE ASTRONAUT.
OH, THIS IS FUN. PHIL, YOU GO.
MITCHELL, I AM SERIOUS.
I HAVE OVERSEEN LOTS
OF PROJECTS IN OUR HOME.
I OVERSAW THE REMODEL
OF OUR BATHROOM.
UNDER BUDGET. RIGHT, PHIL?
YEAH. I WAS A LITTLE
DISAPPOINTED WE DIDN'T GO FOR
THE BUTT-WASHING TOILET,
BUT OTHERWISE...
YOU CAN WASH YOUR OWN BUTT
FOR FREE.
WELL, THAT'S NOT THE SAME,
IS IT?
THIS IS ALL FUN
TO TALK ABOUT.
IT IS, BUT I DON'T THINK
THAT YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT--WHAT THIS COULD
REALLY ENTAIL. AND--
OKAY, THERE IT IS. MITCHELL JUST
SAID "NO," SO WE'RE DONE.
SURPRISE, SURPRISE.
LISTEN, WE'LL TALK ABOUT THIS
AT HOME, OKAY?
MM.
(whispers) SO...
DON'T GIVE UP.
(lowered voice) PHIL, YOU THINK
IT'S A GOOD IDEA, RIGHT?
TOTALLY.
YES. AND YOU KNOW
WE CAN HANDLE IT, RIGHT?
I THINK YOU GUYS CAN
HANDLE ANYTHING.
AW. (chuckles)
YEAH.
AND YOU GO TALK TO HIM.
YOU'RE A PROFESSIONAL.
HE RESPECTS YOU.
OKAY. GIVE US SOME SPACE.
I'LL GO TALK HIM INTO IT.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT?
(both) OKAY.
OKAY.
LISTEN...
THERE'S NO WAY WE'RE
LETTING THEM DO THIS.
I KNOW, RIGHT?
THEY ARE NOT EQUIPPED
TO TAKE THIS ON.
WE MIGHT AS WELL
FLUSH ALL OUR SAVINGS
DOWN MY BORING OLD TOILET.
OH, YOU ARE REALLY BITTER
ABOUT THAT.
IT'S THE ONE THING I ASKED FOR.
DON'T SIT ON YOUR SUNGLASSES.
(both mouthing words)
(whispers) SORRY, GUYS.
(normal voice) WHOOPS.
JUST TO BE CLEAR, THOUGH.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
ARE WE LETTING THEM DO THIS?
I AM TOTALLY WITH YOU.
OKAY, YOU STAY HERE.
I'LL GO BREAK THE BAD NEWS.
(lowered voice) SORRY, GUYS.
NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
YEAH, WELL, MAYBE IF--
I WOULD DROP IT.
IT'S NOT WORTH THE FIGHT.
COME ON, CLAIRE.
THE FASTER WE LEAVE,
THE LESS IT'S GONNA HURT.
HOP IN. YEP.
(sighs deeply) WHY DOES IT
HAVE TO BE LIKE THIS?
I DON'T KNOW. HE'S YOUR BROTHER.
BUCKLED UP? GOOD.
YEAH.
(revs engine)
NO! NO! NO, NO,
I SEE WHAT YOU'RE DOING!
HE DOESN'T WANT THIS EITHER!
LITTLE RADIO?
SURE.
♪
PHIL! CLAIRE!
COME ON! (panting)
IT'S SUCH A SHAME
BECAUSE I KNOW WE WOULD DO
A GREAT JOB ON THAT HOUSE.
TOTALLY.
IF GIL THORPE CAN DO IT,
I CAN DO IT, RIGHT?
PLEASE!
PLEASE.
GIL THORPE HAS
DECADES OF EXPERIENCE
AND INFALLIBLE INSTINCTS.
AS MUCH AS WE'D ALL LIKE
TO BELIEVE OTHERWISE,
I DID NOT MARRY GIL THORPE.
(laughs) CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT?
GOD, WE'D SELL
A LOT OF HOUSES.
(cell phone rings)
OH! GREAT.
MITCHELL. (scoffs)
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT, CLAIRE?
YOU GOTTA COOL DOWN OR YOU'RE
JUST GONNA MAKE THIS WORSE.
WHY DON'T YOU GO GET
THE COFFEES?
AND I'LL DEAL WITH HIM.
WELL, OKAY, WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA SAY TO HIM?
I'M JUST GONNA TALK TO HIM
MAN-TO-MAN.
MNH. RIGHT.
OKAY.
(beep)
(high-pitched voice) HELLO?
CLAIRE, PHIL DOESN'T WANT
THE HOUSE EITHER, ALL RIGHT?
HE'S LETTING ME TAKE THE FALL.
HE'S A LIAR.
(normal voice)
AND A CLEVER ONE.
UGH! HOW LONG DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN KEEP THIS FROM HER?
ALL RIGHT? I'M GONNA TALK
TO HER EVENTUALLY.
WELL, AS LONG
AS WE'RE SWAPPING STORIES,
MAYBE I'LL TELL CAM
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SWEATER
HE KNIT FOR YOU.
I CAN'T.
I CAN'T! I CAN'T!
I CAN'T DO IT! I CAN'T TAKE
THIS STUPID THING ANYMORE!
(exhales deeply)
IT WAS STOLEN OUT OF THE CAR.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
GOT IT.
(gasps)
(whispers) THAT IS LOW.
I KNOW.
DON'T BE MAD AT ME.
THAT SAID, I SUGGEST
YOU LOSE THIS NUMBER.
(beep)
I'M NOT PROUD OF WHAT I DID,
BUT I'M NOT COMFORTABLE
SQUASHING PEOPLE'S DREAMS.
I AM A CHEERLEADER.
I'M THE GUY ON TOP
OF THE PYRAMID SHOUTING,
"GO, DREAMS, GO!"
YOU KNOW WHAT'S NOT A CHEER?
(chanting)
TWO, FOUR, SIX, EIGHT,
YOU ARE GOING TO FAIL AT THIS
AND LOSE EVERYTHING
WE'VE WORKED FOR, CLAIRE!
(off-key)
♪ HUSH, LITTLE BABY ♪
♪ DON'T SAY A WORD ♪
♪ PAPA'S GOING TO BUY YOU
A MOCKINGBIRD ♪
♪ AND IF THAT MOCKINGBIRD
WON'T SING ♪
(cabinet door closes)
♪ PAPA'S GONNA BUY YOU
A DIAMOND RING ♪
PAPA'D BUY TEN DIAMOND RINGS
TO GET THAT MOCKINGBIRD
TO SHUT THE HELL UP.
BUT I WASN'T GONNA TELL GLORIA
SHE WAS A TERRIBLE SINGER.
THAT'S JUST TAKING A BATH
WITH A TOASTER.
STILL, THE THOUGHT OF
THAT POOR LITTLE THING
STUCK IN THERE LIKE A HOSTAGE,
LISTENING TO THAT RACKET
DAYS ON END...
I JUST COULDN'T TAKE IT.
♪ AND IF THAT BILLY GOAT
WON'T PUSH ♪
♪ PAPA'S GONNA GET
EVERY LE-- ♪
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT
PAPA'S GONNA DO.
HE'S GONNA TAKE A TURN
ON THAT MIC.
OH! REALLY?
YEAH, I'VE BEEN THINKING,
IF IT'S A CHANCE TO BOND,
I SHOULD TAKE IT.
AY JAY, THAT'S GREAT.
I THINK THAT
THE SOUND OF MY VOICE
SHOULDN'T BE THE ONLY THING
THAT THE BABY SHOULD HEAR.
SAME PAGE.
BREAKER, BREAKER, BIG JAY.
BABY, WHAT'S YOUR 20? OVER.
AY, THAT'S SO CUTE.
YOU SOUND LIKE SMOKEY
AND THE BANDITO.  GO ON. GO ON.
HI, KID. THIS IS
YOUR DAD JAY PRITCHETT.
UH, WE'RE ALL PRETTY EXCITED
TO MEET YOU.
JUST A HEADS-UP--
I MIGHT BE A FEW YEARS OLDER
THAN YOU'RE EXPECTING.
BUT ON THE PLUS SIDE,
WE'RE VERY COMFORTABLE.
(both laugh)
WHAT'S THAT? NOTHIN'?
TOUGH WOMB.
(laughs)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN THERE?
YOU SLEEPIN'?
(laughs)
(whispers indistinctly)
♪ ARE YOU SLEEPING? ♪
(clears throat)
AH! AH! AH!
♪ ARE YOU-- ♪
AH! STILL DADDY'S TURN.
(clank)
DUMB--DUMB ROCK!
(inhales deeply)
(stifles sob)
HEY.
ARE YOU CRYIN'?
NO.
(clank)
(voice breaks) NO. I JUST
CAN'T GET THIS ROCK TO BUDGE.
OKAY, WHAT DID WE LEARN FROM
"A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN"?
NO CRYING IN BASEBALL.
NO. THAT MADONNA'S
A LOUSY ACTRESS, AND SO ARE YOU.
WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON?
(inhales deeply) OKAY.
YOU KNOW,
OVER THE LAST COUPLE OF MONTHS,
I'VE APPLIED FOR, LIKE,
FIVE DIFFERENT JOBS.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
NO. I DIDN'T TELL ANYONE,
BECAUSE
I DIDN'T GET THEM, CAM.
(sniffles)
I WENT TO COLLEGE, YOU KNOW?
AND...
I JUST WANNA BE ABLE
TO CONTRIBUTE
TO MY KIDS' EDUCATION.
AND I WANNA BE ABLE TO BUY
MY HUSBAND A PRESENT...
(whispers)
WITH MY OWN MONEY.
HEY, YOU'RE PREACHING
TO THE CHOIR DIRECTOR.
IT'S ACTUALLY WHY I BECAME
A CHOIR DIRECTOR.
(sighs)
YOU BECAME A PART-TIME TEACHER
IN A PUBLIC SCHOOL FOR MONEY?
I MAKE MORE THAN YOU DO.
I MEAN, BEFORE PARKING.
BUT...
LOOK, I'M SORRY MITCHELL KILLED
OUR HOUSE DREAM.
YOU KNOW, NOW ESPECIALLY THAT I
KNOW YOU WANTED TO USE THE MONEY
FOR SUCH NOBLE REASONS.
YEAH.
AND ALSO...
THERE WAS
THIS PAIR OF BOOTS.
(voice breaks)
THERE'S ALWAYS A PAIR OF BOOTS.
MITCHELL, DO YOU KNOW WHAT
I'VE REALIZED?
THAT SOME THOUGHTS
ARE BETTER LEFT UNEXPRESSED?
(chuckles) NO.
THAT IN THIS RELATIONSHIP,
I'M THE GAS PEDAL,
AND YOU'RE THE BRAKES.
OKAY, WAIT. WAIT.
WAIT. WAIT. WAIT.
LAST WEEK, YOU SAID THAT
YOU WERE THE PAINTING
AND I WAS THE FRAME.
THAT'S IF WE WERE ARTWORK.
THIS IS IF WE WERE A CAR.
(under breath) I KNOW WHAT PART
YOU'D BE IF WE WERE A HORSE.
EXCUSE ME?
HMM? WHAT?
CLAIRE AND I BRING YOU
THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY,
AND YOU STOP IT COLD.
I GUESS
THAT'S WHAT BRAKES DO.
YOU KNOW WHAT BRAKES ALSO DO?
THEY KEEP YOU FROM
DRIVING OFF CLIFFS.
MAYBE THEY'RE NOT CLIFFS.
MAYBE THEY'RE RAMPS,
READY TO LAUNCH US
INTO NEW, EXCITING VISTAS.
I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE
AGAINST THIS WHOLE HOUSE THING.
PHIL DOESN'T WANT IT EITHER.
YOU KEEP SAYING THAT,
BUT I FIND THAT
VERY, VERY HARD TO BELIEVE.
PHIL SUPPORTS CLAIRE.
PHIL IS A CHEERLEADER.
WHY CAN'T YOU BE
MORE LIKE PHIL?
AND THEN IT HIT ME.
I COULD BE EXACTLY LIKE PHIL.
I COULD PRETEND TO BE ON BOARD,
FORCING THE CHEERLEADER
TO BE THE BAD GUY.
I KNOW IT'S UNDERHANDED,
BUT THAT'S THE WAY I THROW.
(knuckles crack)
MITCHELL?
YOU--YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'VE CONVINCED ME.
IF--IF YOU AND CLAIRE
AND ESPECIALLY PHIL
ARE INTO THIS,
THEN I'M ON BOARD.
WHAT? SERIOUSLY?! (giggles)
YES! 100%.
IN FACT, WHY DON'T YOU CALL
CLAIRE AND PHIL RIGHT NOW
AND TELL THEM?
OKAY.
YEAH.
IT WAS THE RAMP THING,
WASN'T IT?
YOU KNOW, I FELT REALLY
GOOD ABOUT IT.
YEAH.
WHAT?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
(gasps) THAT'S FANTASTIC!
OH! I GOTTA TELL PHIL.
I'LL CALL YOU RIGHT BACK.
(closes refrigerator)
WHAT'S--WHAT'S UP?
(gasps)
MITCHELL CHANGED HIS MIND.
HE'S ALL FOR IT.
WE'RE FLIPPING A HOUSE!
YEAH.
YEAH!
(cell phone ringing)
(purring)
(beep)
WELL, HELLO, PHIL.
TO WHAT DO I OWE
THIS PLEASURE?
CUT THE CRAP.
YOU WANNA PLAY CHICKEN?
CHICKEN'S MY MIDDLE NAME.
(laughs) I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
I'M JUST BEING SUPPORTIVE
OF MY PARTNER AND MY SISTER,
BOTH OF WHOM I LOVE
VERY MUCH.
HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT?
Soundly, knowing you'll do
the right thing.
SO HOW ABOUT IT, PHIL?
YOU GONNA STOP THIS TRAIN?
'CAUSE THESE BRAKES ARE OUT.
OH. AND I SUGGEST
YOU LOSE THIS NUMBER.
(beep)
MITCHELL?
MITCHELL?!
(discordant notes play)
YEAH, I WAS PRETTY TICKED OFF
THAT MITCHELL DOUBLE-CROSSED
MY DOUBLE-CROSS.
AND THEN HE STOPPED TAKING
MY CALLS,
AND SO I SENT HIM THE FOLLOWING
CAREFULLY WORDED TEXT...
"U SUCK."
(cell phone alert chimes)
I COULD TELL PHIL
FELT PRETTY HURT...
(scoffs)
AND BETRAYED, SO I RESPONDED.
(Mitchell) "HOW R U GONNA
CHEERLEAD YOUR WAY
OUT OF THIS ONE, BUFFY?"
(Phil) "WE BOTH KNOW THIS
HOUSE THING IS A DISASTER."
(Mitchell) "THEN SAY SOMETHING,
OR I WILL.
I DON'T CARE
IF YOU TELL CAM..."
"I THREW OUT
THAT HIDEOUS SWEATER"?!
I SPENT MONTHS KNITTING
THAT HIDEOUS SWEATER.
(sighs deeply)
YEAH.
W--HOW ARE WE SEEING THIS?
THEY'RE USING THE GROUP TEXT
FROM YESTERDAY.
THEY HAVE NO IDEA
THESE ARE EVEN COMING TO ME.
OKAY.
(cell phone alert chimes)
OH. HERE'S ANOTHER ONE.
"WE NEED TO SHUT
THIS HOUSE THING DOWN
WITHOUT THEM KNOWING
IT'S US"?!
OH! WELL...
"2 LATE."
(cell phone alert chimes)
UH-OH.
OH! NO, THAT--THAT'S BAD.
CLAIRE, I AM SO SORRY.
I KNOW I SHOULD'VE BEEN
MORE HONEST WITH YOU, BUT I--
No, Phil.
YOU KNOW WHAT
REALLY KILLS ME?
IS YOU DIDN'T BELIEVE IN ME,
AND YOU BELIEVE IN EVERYTHING!
YOU KNOW, I KNEW THAT SWEATER
WASN'T STOLEN.
AND HERE I PICK BLUE YARN
TO MATCH YOUR EYES,
BUT I SHOULD'VE PICKED BLACK
TO MATCH YOUR HEART.
ALTHOUGH YOU LOOK AMAZING
IN BLACK.
DAMN YOU.
(beep)
COME ON.
(birds chirping)
"...LEAVING 17 DEAD
AND THOUSANDS WITHOUT POWER."
JAY, PLEASE!
IT'S BAD THAT THE BABY LISTENS
TO SUCH TERRIBLE THINGS.
HE'S HEARD WORSE.
JAY, DO YOU KNOW A GOOD
1-HOUR DRY CLEANER?
AND I DON'T MEAN
THE "MUST BE IN BY 10:00,
ONLY ON WEEKDAYS,
YOU NEED A COUPON" KIND.
I MEAN A HARD 1-HOUR.
THIS CONVERSATION FEELS LIKE
A HARD ONE HOUR.
AND WHAT DO YOU NEED IT
CLEANED FOR? IT'S SPOTLESS.
THERE'S MUSTARD HERE
FROM REUBEN'S REUBEN.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
YOU PUT A NARCISSIST IN CHARGE
OF SNACK DAY.
OKAY, IT'S MY TURN AGAIN.
BABY,
IT'S YOUR MOTHER AGAIN.
I'M--
GLORIA?
WHY DON'T WE GIVE HIM
A BREAK?
HE PROBABLY NEEDS A MINUTE
BECAUSE HE JUST LEARNED
ABOUT A DEADLY TORNADO.
(lowered voice)
OKAY, STOP CALLING HIM A HE.
WHAT IF HE'S A SHE,
AND YOU'RE MAKING HER UPSET?
I TOLD YOU. THAT'S JUST
THE SHORTHAND I'M USING.
DON'T JUMP DOWN MY THROAT....
(talking over each other)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
DO YOU REALLY WANT
YOUR UNBORN BABY
TO HEAR YOU FIGHTING
LIKE THIS?
STUDIES SHOW IT'S UNHEALTHY
FOR A FETUS TO BE EXPOSED
TO A STRESSFUL ENVIRONMENT.
STUDIES? YOU'RE 13.
READ A COMIC BOOK.
WHAT TIME DOES YOUR GAME START?
I HAVE TO BE THERE AT 3:00
FOR HITTING PRACTICE.
BATTING PRACTICE.
NOT FOR ME.
JAY, I DON'T WANT OUR BABY
TO THINK
THAT IT'S COMING INTO
AN UNHAPPY HOME.
LET'S PROMISE THAT WE'RE
NEVER EVER GOING TO FIGHT
IN FRONT OF HIM.
ALL RIGHT.
NO FIGHTING
IN FRONT OF THE BABY.
OKAY, GOOD.
♪ TWINKLE, TWINKLE ♪
♪ LITTLE LAMB ♪
♪ I AM GOING TO-- ♪
GLORIA, STOP IT! STOP IT.
NO MORE SINGING.
WHY?
BECAUSE YOU STINK.
YOU'RE A TERRIBLE SINGER.
COME ON.
LET'S GET SOME LUNCH.
HOW DARE DO YOU TELL ME
THAT I AM--
AH! AH! AH! AH! I KNOW!
AY NO, NO, NO.
NO FIGHTING IN FRONT OF
THE BABY. WE JUST MADE A DEAL.
YEAH, BUT THAT'S NOT FAIR
BECAUSE I AM ALWAYS
IN FRONT OF THE BABY!
GLORIA, YOU'RE AS CLOSE
TO PERFECT AS WOMAN GETS.
NOTHING WRONG WITH
ONE TINY, LITTLE FLAW.
YOURS IS
WHEN YOU START TO SING,
IS SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING GOT
STUCK IN THE VACUUM CLEANER.
THAT'S--YOU'RE JUST--
AH! AH! AH!
(whispers) NO, NO, NO.
THAT IS JUST YOUR...
STUPID, STUPID OPINION, JAY.
BUT I AM VERY ANGRY AT YOU,
AND I AM GONNA MAKE A LIST
OF ALL THE THINGS THAT I AM
GOING TO SCREAM AT YOU
AS SOON AS THIS BABY'S
OUT OF ME.
I DIDN'T THINK IT
ALL THE WAY THROUGH.
OH, HELLO, MITCH.
UH, YOU GOT CLAIRE FLOWERS?
YES. I HAD A LITTLE BIT
OF A ROUGH NIGHT.
YEAH, YOU AND ME BOTH.
DADDY SLEPT IN MY ROOM
LAST NIGHT.
HERE, GIVE ME SOME OF THOSE.
WHAT? NO.
YOU GOT ME INTO THIS.
HEY, STOP!
YOU'RE BREAKING THEM!
I NEED--I'M NOT GOING TO CAM
EMPTY-HANDED!
PHIL, LET GO OF THE...
(organ playing "Charge!")
WHOA.
♪
(Manny) OW! STOP IT!
(Luke) HOLD STILL!
CLAIRE AND CAM DID ALL THIS?
A WEEK AGO,
THAT WAS ALL JUNK.
(chuckles) IT'S AMAZING.
I MEAN, THERE'S THAT LITTLE BUMP
IN THE MIDDLE.
BUT OTHER THAN THAT...
EVEN IF ONE OF THOSE BOYS HAD
HIT FIVE HOME RUNS,
THE BIGGEST STAR ON THAT FIELD
WAS CLAIRE.
THAT'S THE FUNNY THING
ABOUT MARRIAGE.
YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS...
EXTRAORDINARY PERSON,
AND OVER TIME,
THEY BEGIN TO SEEM ORDINARY.
I THINK IT'S ALL THE NAGGING.
(boys shouting indistinctly)
WOW. THIS...
THIS IS INCREDIBLE.
YOU LITERALLY SAW
A DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH.
YEAH, BUT I TAKE ON
A LOT OF PROJECTS
NO ONE ELSE IS WILLING TO.
I DESERVE THAT.
MM-HMM.
I WAS AN IDIOT
FOR DOUBTING YOU.
PLEASE, HONEY, FORGIVE ME.
HOW COULD I NOT,
WHEN YOU GIVE ME THIS BOUQUET
OF CRUMPLED FLOWERS?
MITCHELL DID THAT!
MITCHELL AGAIN?
ASK LILY!
HEY, CAM.
HEY.
HERE YOU--OKAY.
WELL... OH.
OH, WOW.
BROKEN AND MANGLED...
MM-HMM.
JUST LIKE MY HEART.
CAM, I'M SORRY
FOR NOT SUPPORTING YOU.
WHAT ABOUT THE SWEATER?
THAT'S UNFORGIVABLE.
I MEAN, YOU PUT ALL THAT TIME
AND WORK INTO IT,
AND I JUST TOSS IT OUT
THE CAR WINDOW.
TOSSED IT OUT
THE CAR WINDOW?!
I'M FORGETTING
HOW MUCH YOU KNEW.
YOU KNOW WHAT, GUYS?
HONESTLY, I...
I THINK WE SHOULD DO IT. I THINK
WE SHOULD GO FOR THE HOUSE.
REALLY?
OKAY, BUT CAREFUL, HONEY.
DON'T SAY SOMETHING
IF YOU DON'T MEAN IT.
NO, I DO MEAN IT. I THINK
YOU TWO WILL DO A FANTASTIC JOB.
YOU KNOW, I DO, TOO.
I'M ON BOARD.
ON BOARD FOR WHAT?
OH, WELL, THE FOUR OF US, UH,
MIGHT GO IN ON A HOUSE.
CLAIRE AND I FIX IT UP
AND FLIP IT.
THAT'S THE WORST IDEA
I EVER HEARD.
OKAY.
YOU GUYS KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT CONSTRUCTION.
YOU'LL MAKE ALL SORTS
OF MISTAKES,
YOU'LL TURN ON EACH OTHER,
YOU'LL STOP TALKING,
AND SUDDENLY I'M DOING TWO
DINNERS A WEEK INSTEAD OF ONE
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T BE
IN THE SAME ROOM.
FAMILY AND BUSINESS
DOESN'T MIX.
AH, YOU'RE GONNA DO WHATEVER
YOU WANT. WHY DO I BOTHER?
IS HE RIGHT?
Y-YOU KNOW DAD.
I MEAN, HE'S A PESSIMIST.
(mouths word)
I WANT US TO GET THAT HOUSE.
I DO. BUT I DON'T WANT US
TO FIGHT.
WE'RE NOT GONNA FIGHT.
(mouths word)
OF COURSE NOT.
PROBABLY.
(sighs)
I DON'T KNOW. WILL WE?
MAYBE WE JUST TAKE A BEAT
AND THINK ABOUT IT.
YEAH. YEAH.
I-I GUESS
THAT COULDN'T HURT.
(Claire and Cameron) YEAH.
YOU GUYS MEAN
THE WORLD TO US.
I DON'T WANT TO JEOPARDIZE THAT
OVER A HOUSE.
WE FEEL THE SAME WAY.
I KNOW.
(cell phone rings, beep)
I JUST WANNA SAY I KNOW
WE'D DO A GOOD JOB, THOUGH.
HELLO?
AND I FEEL SO--
IT'S MRS. BROOKS,
THE LADY WITH THE HOUSE.
ACTUALLY, IT'S GOOD
THAT YOU CALLED.
WHAT?
WHAT HAPPENED?
GIL THORPE JUST MADE HER
AN OFFER.
WE DID IT!
WE BOUGHT A HOUSE.
IT'S GONNA BE...
(high-pitched voice) GREAT!
WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
NOTHING.
(Jay) SOMETIMES
I DON'T UNDERSTAND PEOPLE.
THEY DO CRAZY THINGS
FOR THE DUMBEST REASONS.
I'M GOING TO MARCH OUT THERE
AND SWING AS HARD AS I CAN.
AND IF EVERY SPORTS MOVIE
IS CORRECT,
I'M GOING TO SMACK THAT BALL,
AND EVERYONE WILL CHANT MY NAME
AS I ROUND THE BASES.
BY THE WAY,
IT IS ALWAYS COUNTERCLOCKWISE,
OR DO I GET TO CHOOSE?
I DON'T THINK IT'S GONNA MATTER.
THEY CONVINCE THEMSELVES
IT'LL ALL WORK OUT...
PLEASE RISE
FOR THE NATIONAL ANTHEM.
I'M GONNA SHOW YOU
WHO CAN SING.
GLORIA.
OH, THIS IS GONNA
BE ROUGH.
DESPITE ALL THE EVIDENCE
TO THE CONTRARY.
(off-key)
♪ O SAY CAN YOU SEE? ♪
♪ BY THE DAWN'S EARLY LIGHT ♪
WHICH I GUESS ISN'T SO BAD.
♪ AND THE ROCKETS' RED GLARE! ♪
(lowered voice)
ALL I'M SAYING IS,
I HOPE TO GOD YOU DON'T HAVE
YOUR MOTHER'S SINGING VOICE.
BUT, MAN, I HOPE YOU GET
HER SELF-CONFIDENCE.
(snoring loudly)
(whispers) TRY TO GET
SOME SLEEP.
I'LL TALK TO YOU
IN THE MORNING.
(switch clicks)
2 OUTS, BOTTOM OF THE SIXTH.
TIED AT 4.
THIS IS IT, FOLKS.
THE WHOLE GAME COMES DOWN
TO THIS.
MANNY DELGADO
0 FOR 3 ON THE DAY.
GLORIA, YOUR THOUGHTS?
I THINK HE'S GOING TO HIT
THE HOME RUN.
PLEASE, GOD, GIVE ME ONE.
(Gloria)
MANNY, STAND UP STRAIGHT!
(Jay)
BUT BEND YOUR KNEES.
(Claire)
WIDEN YOUR STANCE!
WOULD YOU PLEASE LET ME JUST--
(smack)
OOH! OOH!
(umpire) TAKE YOUR BASE!
WHAT?
(Luke) YOU DID IT!
YOU GOT IT, MANNY!
(Jay) NO, NO, NO, NO!
NOT THAT WAY!
(Luke) WRONG WAY!
GO THIS WAY!
OH, WHY DO I BOTHER?
HE'S GONNA DO WHAT HE WANTS.
(cheering)
(crowd chanting)
MANNY! MANNY! MANNY!